Add note about precompiled BPL (#52)
integrated-application-development/delphilint: README.md

2. Unzip the folder and run the included `install.bat` script.
3. Done!

> The precompiled BPLs available in [the latest release](https://github.com/integrated-application-development/delphilint/releases/latest) were compiled in specific versions of Delphi, using them in different versions from which they were compiled may cause compatibility problems, in this case to continue [build from source](#building-from-source).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Using the precompiled BPLs in different minor versions from which they were compiled can cause compatibility problems in some circumstances. If you encounter issues, please [build from source](#building-from-source).
```
